Add Photo Management Recommendations (#2102)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/photo-management.md

---
title: Photo Management
icon: material/image
---

## ente

!!! recommendation

    **ente** is an end-to-end encrypted photo backup service which supports automatic backups on iOS and Android.

    [:octicons-home-16: Homepage](https://ente.io/){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
    [:octicons-eye-16:](https://ente.io/privacy){ .card-link title="Privacy Policy" }
    [:octicons-info-16:](https://ente.io/faq){ .card-link title=Documentation}
    [:octicons-code-16:](https://github.com/ente-io){ .card-link title="Source Code" }

    ??? downloads

        - [:simple-googleplay: Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.ente.photos)
        - [:simple-android: Android](https://ente.io/download)
        - [:simple-appstore: App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id1542026904)

>         - [:simple-github: GitHub](https://github.com/laurent22/joplin-android/releases)

Reviewer: Hey @jonaharagon, could you please update this link? We offer releases over Github for Android @ https://github.com/ente-io/photos-app/releases, and Desktop @ https://github.com/ente-io/photos-desktop/releases

Reviewer: We're also available on F-Droid @ https://f-droid.org/packages/io.ente.photos.fdroid/

Reviewer 2: Oops someone made a copy paste error.

    [:octicons-home-16: Homepage](https://ente.io/){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
    [:octicons-eye-16:](https://ente.io/privacy){ .card-link title="Privacy Policy" }
    [:octicons-info-16:](https://ente.io/faq){ .card-link title=Documentation}
    [:octicons-code-16:](https://github.com/ente-io){ .card-link title="Source Code" }

    ??? downloads

        - [:simple-googleplay: Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.ente.photos)
        - [:simple-android: Android](https://ente.io/download)
        - [:simple-appstore: App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/id1542026904)
        - [:simple-github: GitHub](https://github.com/ente-io/photos-app/releases)
        - [:simple-windows11: Windows](https://ente.io/download)
        - [:simple-apple: macOS](https://ente.io/download)
        - [:simple-linux: Linux](https://ente.io/download)
        - [:octicons-globe-16: Web](https://web.ente.io)

## Stingle

!!! recommendation

    ![Stingle logo](assets/img/photo-management/stingle.png#only-light){ align=right }
    ![Stingle logo](assets/img/photo-management/stingle-dark.png#only-dark){ align=right }

>     **Stingle** is an end-to-end encrypted photo backup service. It includes a gallery and camera application which can directly upload to the service. Storage starts at 1GB for free accounts.
> 
>     [:octicons-home-16: Homepage](https://stingle.org/){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
>     [:octicons-eye-16:](https://stingle.org/privacy/){ .card-link title="Privacy Policy" }
>     [:octicons-info-16:](https://stingle.org/faq/){ .card-link title=Documentation}
>     [:octicons-code-16:](https://github.com/ente-io){ .card-link title="Source Code" }

Author: ```suggestion
    **Stingle** is a gallery and camera application with built-in, end-to-end encrypted backup and sync functionality for your photos and videos. Storage starts at 1GB for free accounts on their cloud, or you can host your own Stingle API server for total independence.

    [:octicons-home-16: Homepage](https://stingle.org/){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
    [:octicons-eye-16:](https://stingle.org/privacy/){ .card-link title="Privacy Policy" }
    [:octicons-info-16:](https://stingle.org/faq/){ .card-link title=Documentation}
    [:octicons-code-16:](https://github.com/stingle){ .card-link title="Source Code" }
```
